[CK_Tile] Pooling example readme update (#3174)
ROCm/composable_kernel: example/ck_tile/36_pooling/README.md

This folder contains example for the pooling operator using ck_tile tile-programming implementation. Currently the pooling kernel only supports 2D and 3D pooling.

## Tensor Descriptor Transformations

> The pooling kernel performs transformations to transform the input tensor into 2D format suitable for reduction. This section explains the transformation pipeline for both 2D and 3D pooling operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pooling kernel transforms the input tensor into 2D format suitable for reduction. This section explains the transformation pipeline for both 2D and 3D pooling operations.
```

Need to specify the dimensions of the input tensor.

### 3D Pooling Transformations

For 3D pooling, the input tensor has shape `(N, D, H, W, C)` where:
- `N`: batch size
- `D`: depth dimension  
- `H`: height dimension
- `W`: width dimension
- `C`: channel dimension

> The transformations convert this 5D tensor into 2D where rows represent output positions (M) and columns represent pooling window elements (K).

Reviewer: Into 2D what? Tensor? Vector? Matrix? Needs to be specified.
